# SIH-1647
Our problem statement basically says devise an AI-ML based model to predict crop prices and intervene into the crop market via sending buffer stocks and pulses. Our solution comprises of an Al-ML based model , in our solution we have shown two models : 1. ARIMA model 2. LSTM + CNN model Arima model is a time series model based on integration of two different type of models ,Auto regression (AR) and Moving average (MA). According to the problem statement this is the model which is currently used by the Indian government to predict crop prices. But as the whole world us advancing in the field of AI-ML , ARIMA model is being outdated , deep learning based approaches are becoming more and more relevant as it gives us a neural network type workflow which captures and predicts the data way more accurately than classical machine learning models. Now LSTM+ CNN model is a deep learning based model which specialises in capturing long term trends seasonality etc(LSTM) and the random fluctuations for any pandemic or tsunami or any natural disaster(CNN) {We have proved it in the prototype model ,as we have the crop prices even in the COVID time can be predicted pretty much accurately with this model} After that we have incorporated a quantitative financial model which accounts the BOLLINGER BAND CURVE. This curve simply take account some time interval and calculate the moving average respect to it and create upper bound and lower bound corresponding to any time frame. Further this model gives us the dates where prices can overshoot or undershoot. According to the combined predictions of all the models we send buffer stocks and pulses accordingly to designated place in calculated proportion ,all the values will be given by model and everything will be automated. We think that this advanced AI-ML based quant model will not only save the economy of the nation but also save the farmer's hard fought income and also give restrain to the price hike accordingly.
